androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/dealsgala/R.java
 com.dealsgala.R
 com.dealsgala.R$anim
 com.dealsgala.R$animator
 com.dealsgala.R$attr
 com.dealsgala.R$bool
 com.dealsgala.R$color
 com.dealsgala.R$dimen
 com.dealsgala.R$drawable
 com.dealsgala.R$id
 com.dealsgala.R$integer
 com.dealsgala.R$interpolator
 com.dealsgala.R$layout
 com.dealsgala.R$mipmap
 com.dealsgala.R$plurals
 com.dealsgala.R$raw
 com.dealsgala.R$string
 com.dealsgala.R$style
 com.dealsgala.R$styleable
 com.dealsgala.R$xml
com/brentvatne/react/R.java
 com.brentvatne.react.R
 com.brentvatne.react.R$anim
 com.brentvatne.react.R$attr
 com.brentvatne.react.R$bool
 com.brentvatne.react.R$color
 com.brentvatne.react.R$dimen
 com.brentvatne.react.R$drawable
 com.brentvatne.react.R$id
 com.brentvatne.react.R$integer
 com.brentvatne.react.R$layout
 com.brentvatne.react.R$string
 com.brentvatne.react.R$style
 com.brentvatne.react.R$styleable
 com.brentvatne.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
com/facebook/common/R.java
 com.facebook.common.R
 com.facebook.common.R$anim
 com.facebook.common.R$attr
 com.facebook.common.R$bool
 com.facebook.common.R$color
 com.facebook.common.R$dimen
 com.facebook.common.R$drawable
 com.facebook.common.R$id
 com.facebook.common.R$integer
 com.facebook.common.R$layout
 com.facebook.common.R$string
 com.facebook.common.R$style
 com.facebook.common.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/reactnativerate/R.java
 com.reactnativerate.R
 com.reactnativerate.R$anim
 com.reactnativerate.R$attr
 com.reactnativerate.R$bool
 com.reactnativerate.R$color
 com.reactnativerate.R$dimen
 com.reactnativerate.R$drawable
 com.reactnativerate.R$id
 com.reactnativerate.R$integer
 com.reactnativerate.R$layout
 com.reactnativerate.R$string
 com.reactnativerate.R$style
 com.reactnativerate.R$styleable
 com.reactnativerate.R$xml
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/facebook/core/R.java
 com.facebook.core.R
 com.facebook.core.R$attr
 com.facebook.core.R$bool
 com.facebook.core.R$color
 com.facebook.core.R$dimen
 com.facebook.core.R$drawable
 com.facebook.core.R$id
 com.facebook.core.R$integer
 com.facebook.core.R$layout
 com.facebook.core.R$string
 com.facebook.core.R$style
 com.facebook.core.R$styleable
com/dealsgala/MainApplication.java
 com.dealsgala.MainApplication
 com.dealsgala.MainApplication$1
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/yqritc/scalablevideoview/R.java
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$anim
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$attr
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$bool
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$color
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$dimen
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$drawable
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$id
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$integer
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$layout
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$string
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$style
 com.yqritc.scalablevideoview.R$styleable
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/dealsgala/Manifest.java
 com.dealsgala.Manifest
 com.dealsgala.Manifest$permission
com/onesignal/R.java
 com.onesignal.R
 com.onesignal.R$anim
 com.onesignal.R$attr
 com.onesignal.R$bool
 com.onesignal.R$color
 com.onesignal.R$dimen
 com.onesignal.R$drawable
 com.onesignal.R$id
 com.onesignal.R$integer
 com.onesignal.R$layout
 com.onesignal.R$raw
 com.onesignal.R$string
 com.onesignal.R$style
 com.onesignal.R$styleable
com/geektime/rnonesignalandroid/R.java
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$anim
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$attr
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$bool
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$color
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$dimen
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$drawable
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$id
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$integer
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$layout
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$raw
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$string
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$style
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$styleable
 com.geektime.rnonesignalandroid.R$xml
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
com/reactnativecommunity/toolbarandroid/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$xml
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/facebook/reactnative/androidsdk/R.java
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$anim
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$attr
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$bool
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$color
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$dimen
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$drawable
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$id
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$integer
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$layout
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$string
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$style
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$styleable
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/facebook/login/R.java
 com.facebook.login.R
 com.facebook.login.R$anim
 com.facebook.login.R$attr
 com.facebook.login.R$bool
 com.facebook.login.R$color
 com.facebook.login.R$dimen
 com.facebook.login.R$drawable
 com.facebook.login.R$id
 com.facebook.login.R$integer
 com.facebook.login.R$layout
 com.facebook.login.R$string
 com.facebook.login.R$style
 com.facebook.login.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
io/invertase/firebase/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.R
 io.invertase.firebase.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
io/invertase/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/facebook/share/R.java
 com.facebook.share.R
 com.facebook.share.R$anim
 com.facebook.share.R$attr
 com.facebook.share.R$bool
 com.facebook.share.R$color
 com.facebook.share.R$dimen
 com.facebook.share.R$drawable
 com.facebook.share.R$id
 com.facebook.share.R$integer
 com.facebook.share.R$layout
 com.facebook.share.R$string
 com.facebook.share.R$style
 com.facebook.share.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
com/google/android/play/core/client/R.java
 com.google.android.play.core.client.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
co/apptailor/googlesignin/R.java
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$anim
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$attr
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$bool
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$color
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$dimen
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$drawable
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$id
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$integer
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$interpolator
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$layout
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$string
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$style
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$styleable
 co.apptailor.googlesignin.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/dealsgala/BuildConfig.java
 com.dealsgala.BuildConfig
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/integration/okhttp/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/dealsgala/SplashActivity.java
 com.dealsgala.SplashActivity
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
org/devio/rn/splashscreen/R.java
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$anim
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$attr
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$bool
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$color
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$dimen
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$drawable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$id
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$integer
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$layout
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$string
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$style
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$styleable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/dealsgala/MainActivity.java
 com.dealsgala.MainActivity
 com.dealsgala.MainActivity$1
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/reactnativecommunity/webview/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$xml
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
com/dylanvann/fastimage/R.java
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$anim
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$attr
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$bool
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$color
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$dimen
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$drawable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$id
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$integer
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$layout
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$string
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$style
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$styleable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$xml
com/avishayil/rnrestart/R.java
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$anim
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$attr
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$bool
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$color
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$dimen
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$drawable
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$id
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$integer
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$layout
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$string
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$style
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$styleable
 com.avishayil.rnrestart.R$xml
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
